Demo Site: support multiple languages (with app router) (#1871)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/fast-pens-laugh.md

---
"@comet/cms-site": minor
---

> Deprecate `InternalLinkBlock` component, instead there should be a copy of this component in the application for flexibility (e.g. multi language support)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecate `InternalLinkBlock` component, instead there should be a copy of this component in the application for flexibility (e.g., support for internationalized routing)
```
